Hi everyone, my name is Henry Hao, I was born in Bejing China, and I have lived in Irvine for 6 years.

I love computer science, chemistry, and physics, although being tortured by organic chem isn't what I expected. I love collecting settings/artbooks/OSTs of all kinds of anime/manga/galgame. And I do Japanese manga (fan-fiction kind) translations in my free time. 

I just graduated from Irvine High School and will be majoring in environmental science at UC Davis this fall. 

My avatar comes from A Certain Scientific Railgun, an electromaster, it is my favorite anime. 

My favorite anime also includes Cirtus (a super sweet yuri manga), Porco Rosso (extortionary atmosphere and metaphors, by Ghibli), Fate series (very complicated settings but good work, TV anime series, very popular, I'm looking forward to F/SF), and Hunter X Hunter (old version) is also a very good youth anime, except the author has stopped updating.

Other than the popular ones, Vampire Hunter D (2000. ver), Legend of Lemnear, and The Wicked City are the old animes I recommend very strongly, their art paintings are incredibly wonderful compared to today's anime, and their plots are also not behind the times. They are the movie versions, much shorter than TV, but I like that. 

I don't read manga very often, but, JoJo's Blizzard Adventures have the best illustrations and art style, Araki sensei refers to the historical classic fashion design posters/magazines and music albums. 



Discussion: Summer DB Week1: L1 and L2

I had some experience work with manga and visual novels. 

I am doing manga translating work all on my own, so I have to erase all the text from the manga and insert translated text in. I used to use Adobe Illustrator, which is a vector editor, but very convenient for the manga, especially on text effects and geometric shapes, because Illustrator is also designed to work with typographers. It fits simple or standardized works, but for some artists that add more elements/sound effects to the manga, Photoshop works better. Although I do know a little bit about storyboard design, I don't do illustrations, my drawings stay at the level of 2D sketches, so I guess I missed the key to manga production. Painters prefer digital tablets much more than hand drawings, Shou Tajima is a good example of a victim of scanners, recently; but Hirohiko Araki is the total opposite, so it depends.

To me, the most challenging part is to fix or find a replacement for all the material/gradient/halftone pattern assets that are used to make the manga look better when printed, to fill the empty spaces, or to express motion/emotion. These effects and assets are often computer graphics rather than hand drawings, and are very uniquely shaped, so it is important to study utilizing them if you are making manga. Texts in manga are also very problematic. If you make them too big, then fewer lines result in the story being more condensed, which is convenient for the painter but is also deadly for the audiences that are used to anime/visual novels, which have enough space to make conversations stretched and natural. Too much text in a fixed scene causes sensory less motion and details, but an increase in the number of scenes adds a lot of work to the cartoonist and is not acceptable for those who don't do manga for a living (author of The One-Punch Man is probably an exception). It also bothers me because I have to arrange my Chinese translations and make the manga look as coherent as possible. Other than the language skills, my trick is to add spaces in front of every (vertically arranged) line so that the text is not a square, fits the shape of a bubble better, and is more attractive and readable for the audience. 

I also tried to make a visual novel with my friends, although our project failed due to multiple reasons. If you have ever watched the anime How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend, you should be familiar with the process. In reality, it is even more complicated because the computer graphic isn't something everyone can give a try like the script, it either works or not. It's nearly impossible for one person to do everything, so I was the programmer of the team, our artist & voice actor quit, but we still have the script that may be used in the future. Learn from it, just like in the anime. There are many visual novel engines that are free (bye bye Unity) to make life easier, so please don't be like a person I saw in a group chat who wants to use Unreal 5 to make a visual novel. Since this is not quite on topic, I'm gonna just stop here. Thank you. 


Sounds like you know a lot about manga translation work. Do you want to make it your course project?
Emiko Kiyochi , 6月13日 15:18
I would be happy to share my manga translation experience in my final project! But I'm currently only doing Japanese-->Chinese rather than English, is that okay? If yes, I will contact the author who is pretty kind about spreading their manga.
Tiancheng Hao , 6月13日 17:01
The process would be the same. Can you make sure that the audience does not need to know Chinese to understand your presentation? Focusing on the technical aspects would be a good idea. 
Emiko Kiyochi , 6月13日 17:05
Yes, I will make it understandable for everyone. The Chinese language grammar is very complicated in this case, so it's even better to focus on the technics. Thank you.
Tiancheng Hao , 6月13日 17:34




2024年 6月17日 13:04

Good afternoon, Professor Emiko.
Unfortunately, although I had a good time in this class and am expecting to do more studies, due to some of my schedule conflicts for my UC credit and the limit of 19 units, I have to drop this class. I'm sorry for being unable to talk further about my manga translation, and I probably will not take classes at Saddleback in the future due to the conflict in federal financial aid.
The last thing I want to say is, https://anitabi.cn/map is a great tool for Otaku Pilgrimage, which provides the location of any anime/manga in the real world. (I don't know if it has a different language of UI)
Thank you.
