Hello, I am a freshman student entering UC Davis, I received my MyAwards update today, and I have a few questions about it. My name is Tiancheng Hao and my SID is 923153788. 
1. Do I have to accept the Federal Direct Subsidized Loan to get a University Grant for Loan Reduction? No, independent
2. To calculate the interest of a Federal Direct Subsidized Loan, is it 5.5% compounded annually? yes
3. Can I repay the Federal Direct Subsidized Loan before or right after I graduate to avoid interest fees? 
3. When applying for CalFresh, since I have signed up for the STEP for EOP Students summer program, which contains 6 units and starts this August, should I now consider myself a college student in the Student Exemptions part? They dk
4. Should I use my current home address (the county) in California, or the county of Davis, when signing up for CalFresh and other financial aid? 
5. Students with a meal plan of 10 or fewer meals per week could be eligible for CalFresh, does purchasing each meal separately (without a plan) more than 10 times per week break this limit? Dk
6. Can I cancel or decline the CalFresh program and repay all the awards at any time? 
7. Till this point, are all financial aids listed in MyAwards bursaries? Meaning will there be more financial aid I may qualify for and receive in the Freshman year, that is not yet listed here? Yes, Aug-Sept scholarships
8. If I spend less than the amount of estimated housing, food, and transportation costs, do I still receive the grant, or is it only need-based, meaning I cannot get more support than what I actually spent? No, based on SAI
9. Can I apply for UC Davis Summer Session Aid if I take the STEP summer program this year? No
10. Do these grants go directly into my bank account? If not, how do these grants cover my off campus food/transportation (for both on campus and off campus students)? First cover bills, still get remaining into bank
11. Next year, if I cannot get campus housing after I apply one, would I still be considered as an on campus student? No
12. Is health insurance still mandatory, if I already have a Medicaid or Silver Plan? No, but no grant
13. If I am not buying new health insurance (UCSHIP), can I still receive the Health Insurance Grant, or will it be replaced by other financial aid resources? No grant
14. If I declined GradGuard before I received the financial aid offer, and my estimated remaining costs are zero, can I go back and accept GradGuard and expect more financial aid to cover it? No, GG is your bill. 
15. Do I get extra financial aid if I take duo majors? No
Thank you very much for answering my questions. 
1 step的六个unit，有三门学科，如何划分？ 经典三选一上4 units，剩下2units熟悉校园
2 step的课是ap level吗？ yes，数学precal和algebra
3 英语课是ap lang 还是ap lit？ UWP007，英语阅读写作基础
3 step可以只上一部分unit吗？ 不可以。是全日制的
4 step fail了有惩罚吗？ 有
5 step包吃包住免学费吗？ 是的，但是不包括生活费，只免吃住+学费
6 step提供宿舍，那么宿舍是和正式入驻的宿舍在一起吗还是需要搬家一次？ 需要，step的学生一开始都是住在一起的，开学了就分开
7 step算gpa吗？算，是非常正式的课程，教授讲课
8 step在今年的暑假课完成之后，未来的两年内有什么活动和安排或者义务吗？ 有，每个trimester去他们的meeting，看看你有没有gpa或者经济困难。
9 我接受了step的offer，但是在审核过程中被拒绝的可能性大吗？ 大，会有50%的学生被淘汰，理由是专业与化学数学英语不相干或者ap成绩太好所以不需要上课。
10 step之后，我的writing placement test就算通过了吗？ 该咋滴咋滴
11 我ap chem 4分，还需要上化学课吗？ 不需要，会被踢的
12 我可以一边上step一边上社区大学的网课吗？ 随便你但是很可能会忙不过来而且时间冲突
13 step会影响我的financial aid吗？ 完全不会
14 step提供的写作课对应uwp7，是一个人人都需要上的课程吗？ 是的，不影响考研
15 uwp7是ap level吗，或者是标准大一课程？ 是的，比ap lang简单，比honors lang难




Hello. I am an incoming freshman student, and I will be taking community college courses at Saddleback this summer to be more prepared for college. I have looked up the Major Articulation Agreement on assist.org, but I am not sure if that's all the transferable courses, and if the website is up-to-date. I just want to double-check and make sure I am taking courses that are actually transferable, and perhaps more specifically, which of those counts towards my UC GPA, which of those counts towards my major credits rather than GE. And, what happens if I fail one of these summer courses? 
Fail不行，必须提交成绩单。都不算uc gpa但是都算作credit，一部分是专业课的，assist可以用
The courses I have signed up are ENV 1, ASTR 20, CIMP 3, CIMP 8A, GEOG 1, and JA 23. 
